bug fix (#2256)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added new validation to the **validate** command to fail and list all the file paths of files that are using a deprecated integration command / script / playbook.
* **validate** will no longer fail on playbooks calling subplaybooks that have a higher `fromVersion` value, if  calling the subplaybook has `skipifunavailable=True`.
* Fixed an issue where relative paths were not accessed correctly.

> * Fixed a bug where **validate** returned error on empty inputs not used is playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where **validate** returned error on empty inputs not used in playbooks.
```
